feat(ci): Add zizmor and actions-up to maintain github actions dependencies (#284)
sensiolabs/GotenbergBundle: CONTRIBUTING.md

```shell
$ dagger functions
Name            Description

> ci              Provide a container with all dependencies installed and ready to run tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ci              Provide a container with all dependencies installed and ready to check CI dependencies.
```
?
